DOCS-10502 Google Drive 1.0 (#1381)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: google-drive/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= Google Drive Connector 1.0

> 

Reviewer: Please tell me that I am not spacing out...are we referring to users instead of addressing "you" in index.doc? I tried to look up a template for this but could not find it.
We switch to direct address in Prerequisites; consider using it in this intro text as well.

Author: No, you are right.

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Select]

> Anypoint Connector for Google Drive (Google Drive Connector) gives Anypoint users the ability to automate business processes between Google Drive (Drive) and other enterprise applications, either on premises or in the cloud. Using the Google Drive connector, businesses can access and upload content and relevant information from and to Drive, programmatically.

Reviewer: So, for example, instead of "gives Anypoint users the ability...," you might use "enables you to...."

Reviewer: Also consider...:

"...businesses can access and upload content and relevant information from and to Drive, programmatically."  >
"you can programmatically access and upload content from and to Drive."

My native-English ear is more used to hearing "to and from" rather than the opposite; is it less accurate?
And I didn't see a need for both "content" and "relevant information"; seem pretty much the same....

> Drive gives enterprise users the ability to store and back up all their files, including documents, slides, images, audio and video, in the cloud. Drive integrates seamlessly with cloud-native apps that enable teams to collaborate effectively in real time, such as Google Docs, Sheets, and Slides.

Reviewer: Are "enterprise users" different from "Anypoint users" or "teams"? Ditto comment about direct address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drive enables you to store and back up all of your files in the cloud, including documents, slides, images, audio, and video. It integrates seamlessly with cloud-native apps that enable your teams to collaborate effectively in real time, using apps like Google Docs, Sheets, and Slides.
```

 
For compatibility information and fixed issues, see the Google Drive Connector Release Notes.

== Prerequisites

To use this connector, you should be familiar with:

* The Google Drive API
* Anypoint Connectors
* Mule runtime engine (Mule)
* Elements and global elements in a Mule flow
* Creating a Mule app using Anypoint Studio (Studio)

Before creating an app, you must have:

* Credentials to access Google Drive
* Anypoint Studio version 4.2.1 or later

> == Common Use Cases for the Connectors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Common Use Cases for the Connector
```

> Automate powerful business processes by integrating Google Drive with other IT tools and systems in your enterprise such as messaging, CRM, ITSM, and other enterprise systems. Possibilities include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automate powerful business processes by integrating Google Drive with other enterprise IT tools and systems, such as messaging, CRM, and ITSM. Possibilities include:
```

* Improving sales operations 
+

> Automate contract approval processes so that when a sales contract is received in the Salesforce CRM system, it gets uploaded to Drive and shared with the deal desk or other teams for their review, automatically. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automate contract approval processes so that when a sales contract is received in the Salesforce CRM system, it is automatically uploaded to Drive and shared with the deal desk or other teams for their review. 
```
Is "deal desk" commonly understood?

* Enhancing cross-team collaboration 
+

> Automatically notify all relevant teams and team members via Slack or Microsoft Teams and email, for review any time new content, for example, product specs, contracts, and legal addendums, is uploaded to a given folder in Drive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatically notify all relevant teams and team members via Slack or Microsoft Teams and email when new content, such as product specs, contracts, and legal addendums, is uploaded to a given folder in Drive.
```

* Securing your enterprise content 
+

> Automatically upload content that is sent or uploaded via any other enterprise system, such as CRM, email, and marketing tools, to Drive folders that are configured with the appropriate security policies. This enables Drive to be the single source of truth for all of your content, which minimizes IP leaks.

Reviewer: Is the content properly secured, or the Drive folder?

If the former, consider...:
```suggestion
Automatically upload properly secured content from other enterprise systems, such as CRM, email, and marketing tools, to Drive folders. This minimizes IP leaks by making Drive the single source of truth for all of your content.
```
If the latter, consider:
```suggestion
Automatically upload content Automatically upload content from other enterprise systems, such as CRM, email, and marketing tools, to properly secured Drive folders. This minimizes IP leaks by making Drive the single source of truth for all of your content.
```

== Authentication Types

> Google Drive Connector uses the OAuth 2.0 authentication connection type, which uses access tokens provided by the authorization server to get access to protected data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google Drive Connector uses the OAuth 2.0 authentication connection type, which uses access tokens provided by the authorization server to access protected data.
```
